
//advice for construction
// separate 

创造力在于执行每一步的指示
Creation is about following each step of the instructions.
拍摄你的工作，影像是你创造的延续。
Film your work; the footage is an extension of your creation.
每一次记录都是对你努力的见证。
Each recording is a testament to your hard work.
记录即是创造。
Documenting is creating.
安全源于遵守指示
Safety comes from following instructions.

// 

创造力在于执行每一步的指示, 拍摄你的工作，影像是你创造的延续, 每一次记录都是对你努力的见证, 记录即是创造, 安全源于遵守指示.
Creation is about following each step of the instructions, Film your work; the footage is an extension of your creation, Each recording is a testament to your hard work, Documenting is creating, Safety comes from following instructions.


// advice for transportation

//separate

意义在于位置
Meaning is in the location
位置蕴含潜力
location holds potential
认真记录每一步，细节决定成败。
Conscientiously document each step; details determine success.
运输需谨慎
transport with care


// together

意义在于位置, 位置蕴含潜力, 认真记录每一步，细节决定成败, 运输需谨慎.
Meaning is in the location, location holds potential, Conscientiously document each step; details determine success, transport with care



//advice for installing 

高效工作从准确执行指令开始
Efficient work begins with accurately following instructions.
小物品应牢固地连接到中等和大物品上
Small items should be securely attached to medium and large items.
拍摄你的工作，影像是你创造的延续。
Film your work; the footage is an extension of your creation.
在操作过程中保持专注，始终遵循步骤
Stay focused during operations and always follow the steps.


//together

高效工作从准确执行指令开始, 小物品应牢固地连接到中等和大物品上, 拍摄你的工作，影像是你创造的延续, 在操作过程中保持专注，始终遵循步骤.
Efficient work begins with accurately following instructions, Small items should be securely attached to medium and large items, Film your work; the footage is an extension of your creation, Stay focused during operations and always follow the steps.


// Advice for destruction

创造即是破坏
Creation is destruction.
拆解是重组的第一步
Disassembly is the first step to reassembly.
记录破坏即是创造。
Documenting destruction is creation.
秩序源于混乱
Order arises from chaos.
坚固的基础来自于彻底的清理
A solid foundation comes from thorough clearing.


// together

创造即是破坏, 拆解是重组的第一步, 记录破坏即是创造, 秩序源于混乱, 坚固的基础来自于彻底的清理
Creation is destruction, Disassembly is the first step to reassembly, Documenting destruction is creation, Order arises from chaos, A solid foundation comes from thorough clearing.