注意工人们，请移动到A区。 
Attention workers, please move to Zone A.

注意工人们，请移动到B区。 
Attention workers, please move to Zone B.

注意工人们，请移动到C区。 
Attention workers, please move to Zone C.

注意工人们，请移动到D区。 
Attention workers, please move to Zone D.

注意工人们，请将小物品从A区移动到B区。 
Attention workers, please move the small item from Zone A to Zone B.

注意工人们，请将中等物品从A区移动到B区。 
Attention workers, please move the medium item from Zone A to Zone B.

注意工人们，请将大物品从A区移动到B区。 
Attention workers, please move the large item from Zone A to Zone B.

注意工人们，请将小物品从A区扔下去。 
Attention workers, please throw the small item from Zone A.

注意工人们，请将小物品从B区扔下去。 
Attention workers, please throw the small item from Zone B.

注意工人们，请将中等物品从A区扔下去。 
Attention workers, please throw the medium item from Zone A.

注意工人们，请将中等物品从B区扔下去。 
Attention workers, please throw the medium item from Zone B.

注意工人们，请将大物品从A区扔下去。 
Attention workers, please throw the large item from Zone A.

注意工人们，请将大物品从B区扔下去。 
Attention workers, please throw the large item from Zone B.


注意工人们，请将小物品堆叠在中等物品上。 
Attention workers, please stack the small item on top of the medium item.

注意工人们，请将小物品堆叠在大物品上。 
Attention workers, please stack the small item on top of the large item.

注意工人们，请将中等物品堆叠在小物品上。 
Attention workers, please stack the medium item on top of the small item.

注意工人们，请将中等物品堆叠在大物品上。 
Attention workers, please stack the medium item on top of the large item.

注意工人们，请将大物品堆叠在小物品上。 
Attention workers, please stack the large item on top of the small item.

注意工人们，请将大物品堆叠在中等物品上。 
Attention workers, please stack the large item on top of the medium item.

注意工人们，请用担架将中等物品从C区运送到A区。 
Attention workers, please carry the medium item on a stretcher from Zone C to Zone A.

注意工人们，请用担架将中等物品从C区运送到B区。 
Attention workers, please carry the medium item on a stretcher from Zone C to Zone B.

注意工人们，请用担架将中等物品从D区运送到A区。 
Attention workers, please carry the medium item on a stretcher from Zone D to Zone A.

注意工人们，请用担架将中等物品从D区运送到B区。 
Attention workers, please carry the medium item on a stretcher from Zone D to Zone B.

注意工人们，请用担架将大物品从C区运送到A区。 
Attention workers, please carry the large item on a stretcher from Zone C to Zone A.

注意工人们，请用担架将大物品从C区运送到B区。 
Attention workers, please carry the large item on a stretcher from Zone C to Zone B.

注意工人们，请用担架将大物品从D区运送到A区。 
Attention workers, please carry the large item on a stretcher from Zone D to Zone A.

注意工人们，请用担架将大物品从D区运送到B区。 
Attention workers, please carry the large item on a stretcher from Zone D to Zone B.